Jocko,
the military taught me to never apologize,
speaking of which,
because it's a sign of weakness,
had a conversation with a coworker who says that extreme ownership is the same
as apologizing.
So,
uh,
first of all,
no apologizing is actually not a sign of weakness.
And whoever was putting that out,
whoever taught that was actually too insecure about themselves and their
leadership capability to admit when they were wrong or made a mistake and,
and really insecure about a lot of other things,
most likely people,
it's actually the opposite.
People that can't admit their mistakes are weak
and people that can't apologize when they screw up our week,
they're scared.
They're scared to take ownership and they're protective of their ego.
Now that being said,
extreme ownership is not the same as apologizing,
but there definitely similar,
you know,
extreme ownership means you're admitting that there's some kind of a problem and
you're taking ownership of that problem.
If it's something that you did wrong,
then you're,
you're taking ownership of that mistake.
The key part,
as you already said,
is not that you're just owning the problem,
you're actually solving the problem.
And Yeah,
if you screw something up or you make a mistake,
then apologize for it,
apologize for your shortfalls,
and then you can move forward.
Uh,
Sarah Armstrong,
she's set a couple of times on Twitter when I'm said like,
yeah,
say you're sorry.
She said ask for forgiveness too.
I haven't,
I haven't tried that one out,
but she seems to see,
seems to think that that is another,
and you,
when she says things,
I listened to her.
She's smart.
I don't look,
we talked about that.
I think it might've been Sarah Armstrong.
Oh wait,
she said that a long time ago.
Long.
Okay.
Yeah.
You see we talked about this before and here's my take on that one.
Say it again.
I'm not 100% on that one.
Well,
you can ask for forgiveness.
This is why.
Yeah,
because it's this.
If someone,
I dig it as far as like doing it,
it feels like it does feel like a,
like a humble kind of approach,
but it can be taken like this.
So I would take it and I don't think I'd be wrong most of the time where when
it's like,
okay,
I'm,
I'm sorry,
you know,
I'm,
I messed up,
it's all me or whatever.
Right?
So it's almost like he,
you throw the ball in their court to be the bad guy.
It's kind of like,
so it's a,
it's almost like a guaranteed way to get forgiven.
That's what it is.
And it's kind of like,
I know that.
So it was like,
this is me strong arming forgiveness from you.
It's like shaming you into forgiving us.
So you're saying if you're like,
if I say,
Hey,
echo,
I'm really sorry about this.
Do you forgive me?
Yeah.
Oh,
I got to say yes.
Well,
no,
I'm imposing on posing strong arming them.
It's interesting.
It's just to get some feed bumps or Sarah,
we'll give you some feedback.
It's subtle,
but it,
and I'm saying really it's more prevalent,
I don't think have ever asked for a person's forgiveness.
I've said that.
I've said so,
you know,
sorry,
and apologize for all kinds of stupid things that have done,
but I don't think I've ever asked for forgiveness.
Maybe if this was something really big.
Yeah,
but even then,
man,
yeah,
that's a tough one.
I am sure she has a little great reason behind it.
We'll have to get further explanations from Sarah because I considered like
saying that in some minor situation,
whatever,
and then I'm like,
wait.
In minor situations,
it's too much like,
you know,
a show to play,
man,
I'm sorry,
will you forgive me?
Like,
no.
Like this is a little too much.
It's like saying,
Hey,
I know,
you know,
I know I made you bad,
or something like that.
I know I made you mad and I'm sorry.
You know,
whatever.
Are you still mad?
It's kind of like that because if you say,
yeah,
I'm still mad.
It's kind of like flight.
Hey,
I said my piece,
you chose not to be met or you chose to continue to be mad.
That's your problem kind of thing.
It's like,
do you please forgive me?
Please forgive me.
Like,
what kind of a dick doesn't forgive someone.
You know?
It's kind of like that and they're bringing that,
so it's like a little strong.
I said,
we'll get feedback where it's,
it's an interesting,
we'll get feedback from Sara,
I'm sure.
It's interesting to think that there's people out there and you know,
they're out there that like,
hey,
don't apologize.
It's a sign of weakness.
It's just being dumb.
Yeah.
Here's,
here's the advice for today.
Don't be dumb.
Yeah.
It's kind of goes the,
the apologizing and taking extreme more ownership.
I say nuts,
similar.
I think there's a big overlap there.
Oh,
there's huge,
I didn't say there were not similar.
Oh,
no,
not that.
Not the same thing.
Sorry.
So,
yeah,
they're not,
they're not the same thing.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
It's like,
um,
well back to the thing when you were like,
Yo,
if you don't apologize,
that's weak or whatever,
that's kind of like the guy who says like,
Hey,
this is how I am.
Take it or leave it kind of thing.
Yeah.
I mean,
if they're a dick,
you know,
or something like that.
And they're like,
take it or leave it.
Some people love me,
some people hate me.
It's kind of thing.
And by that doesn't bother you,
that people hate you because of how you are,
you know,
kind of thing.
It's going to,
yeah.
You know?
So it's kind of weird.
I mean,
yeah.
Ticket,
you know,
be you,
for sure.
But,
um,
I think that's something that's not nothing.
If people hate you.